Update end of year post and team assignments (#344)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/authors/jenny-wong/_index.md

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups:
- Product and Services Team
---

> Jenny is the Technical Content Developer for 2i2c. Her work is mainly focused on the CZI-funded Catalyst Project, an initiative aiming to provide research communities in Latin America and Africa with access to large-scale scientific infrastructure. As part of this effort, she will help develop community-based training materials for interactive cloud-native workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jenny is a Product Manager focused on Platform and Services for 2i2c. Her work has included the CZI-funded Catalyst Project, an initiative aiming to provide research communities in Latin America and Africa with access to large-scale scientific infrastructure. She's built community-based training materials for interactive cloud-native workflows. Jenny is responsible for direct community engagement to ensure the alignment of Product and Services value streams to the needs of the communities we serve. 
```
